[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
"Cosmic Disclosure".
I'm your host, David
Wilcock, and I am here
with our special
guest, Emery Smith.
Emery, thank you for being here.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks, Dave.
Appreciate it.
>>DAVID: In our
previous episode,
we talked a little about
how military bases are
being built over
extraterrestrial bases
or crashed craft.
And we had started to talk
a little bit about what you
may know regarding Antarctica.
So, just to get more
specific with you, according
to Pete Peterson,
operations in Antarctica
have been ongoing
for quite some time.
He was aware of it being
back to at least the 1950s.
And he said that it is a
truly vast operation that's
being conducted down there.
So, could you speak
a little bit more
about what you know of what's
going on in Antarctica?
>>SMITH: I have
recently met with four
of the scientists that were
part of that expedition,
many expeditions in the past few
years, in Costa Rica recently.
And what was interesting is
there's also another craft that
is part of some of the craft
that's down there in a cave
down near Costa Rica, I'll say.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: And so this
group was asking
me to come with them to
Antarctica to check it out
on another expedition,
which I refrained
to go because all
newbies don't return.
So, that's how dangerous it is.
And any people
that go down there
to do documentaries or try to
get with people to take them
down there usually end up
pretty much not coming back.
So, right now, if you don't
have a specific, really
good classification, you're
not going down there.
So, that doesn't leave it
open to satellites, however,
and special drones
that we have access to
to find out more information.
Different organizations
are funding
this, private organizations,
because people want to know.
And so, this information
was given to me
strictly from the four
scientists that actually
came from working there for
two years, which they do have
the access to get back down
in there to do what they do,
which is basically--
well, I was talking about
mapping and measuring
of the melting ice
and how much time they
have before other
things are exposed,
which lead to the exposure of
the underground city that's
there that has been there for
a very long time, apparently.
>>DAVID: Are you familiar
with there being any plan
to reveal ancient ruins
under the ice in Antarctica,
but not spacecraft
at first or anything
more modern, as part of a
gradual disclosure agenda?
>>SMITH: They
already started that.
So, they're saying
there's something
down there, a big void, just
like they did in Egypt now.
There's a big void underneath
the pyramids there.
We have a very, very
large city that's there.
>>DAVID: In Egypt.
>>SMITH: In Egypt
under the pyramids,
about a mile high dome.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes, very large.
So, this is the same thing
that's going on in Antarctica.
So, they're slowly saying wow,
through satellite imagery with
special
ground-penetrating radar,
certain scientists from--
which have nothing to do
with trying to find bases,
by the way.
More like trying to find
oil reservoirs and gold--
have stumbled upon
these giant voids.
So, you're going to
start hearing about this.
These voids are
the ancient cities.
You know, these are the
ones that have been here
for a very long time.
This is right up your
alley with all the stuff
that you talk about.
And there has been
great camera footage
taken from an
archaeologist that we know.
And we have seen this footage.
And it is compelling because
the camera they snake down under
the pyramid to see this,
when it first was discovered,
which I cannot disclose,
was just fascinating.
So, the same thing is
going on in Antarctica now,
is how are we going to
disclose this and clean up
all the artifacts down there?
Which will really
mess up the story
of how we got here,
kind of like Mars
and the moon and
everything else.
And it's right here
on this planet.
>>DAVID: All of a
sudden in the media,
we hear this report that
neutrinos were used to discover
a very large new chamber in the
Great Pyramid above the Grand
Gallery, which is the big
hallway with the tall--
and they're kind
of saying it might
be on a diagonal with
the Grand Gallery,
but it's a little higher.
And that's a very large,
previously undisclosed space.
>>SMITH: I've heard about that.
>>DAVID: Now, with the
technology you're reporting,
it would appear that
they would have known
about this for a long time.
>>SMITH: Oh, they've known
about it for a very long time.
>>DAVID: Have people been into
that room that you know of?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
And that's what the
alliance needs to decide,
is what do we release and
how slow do we release it?
So, there's a
gradual scientific--
huge, worldwide,
scientific investigation
of these tablets or
this or that or whatnot,
because it doesn't
match what's going on
or what we've been taught here.
And that's going to be
the hard thing for people
to grasp because of the belief
systems that we all have.
>>DAVID: Do you think
that there might be a way?
I mean, they don't want to
tear up the pyramid, right?
They're very concerned about
antiquities preservation.
But now we're talking about
a massive, massive chamber
inside the pyramid openly
discussed in mainstream media.
So, is there a way
into that room already?
Do we know what's in that room?
>>SMITH: I'm 80% sure they've
already been in that room
from the bottom up.
There are tunnels that
they have already dug
under into this city,
so it's already been--
they're learning what happened.
You know, they're
trying to learn
the texts, learn
all the symbols,
and what's it all mean?
And so, it's a huge undertaking
on the private side of whoever
is running that contract job.
I can tell you that much.
>>DAVID: Just for the sake
of people's curiosity, what
might be some of the
most surprising things
that we would learn?
Like, what would we
actually see if we ever
get to see the
footage of this room?
What would be the
most surprising thing
we would discover?
>>SMITH: Well,
you're going to see
a lot of literature and tablets,
and also artifacts that are not
from on Earth; not
of-Earth-origin technology,
which most of it
has been removed.
Whether they want to say it
was found with the site or not,
it will be a
spectacle because it
has to do with someone
already being there trying
to do the same thing we
were doing about a higher,
advanced civilization, and
they left some things behind.
So, there's special
scientists in the world who
grab these devices,
and they can figure out
what the devices were used for.
That's what their job is to do.
And they're really
interesting people,
and they're responsible.
They're the unseen
heroes you hear about.
But a lot of the
information that they
get is usually used to give
to these private corporations,
and it's to be used for bad,
and because it's so amazing,
why give it to us to help us
cure cancer or be able to talk
to anyone in the universe?
>>DAVID: I want to bring
something up with you that I
think is directly relevant, and
that is an insider that Pete
Peterson has hoped to
get me in touch with--
it hasn't actually
happened yet--
but this person was
involved in the excavation
of a strange sort of
metallic alloy sarcophagus
from the same Giza Plateau area.
And I believe he said
it was underground.
And they removed the
sarcophagus, and they had it--
they were trying to figure
out how to get it open,
and they couldn't
open it with tools.
And apparently on the ship--
they were transporting it on a
US military ship of some kind--
someone telepathically
interfaced
with this sarcophagus, and they
could read the inscriptions.
Even though originally it
was a different language,
they could read the language.
And then they had to sing
a certain note or phrase--
I can't remember which it was--
>>SMITH: Harmonic, yeah.
And you put your hands out
like this and it opened.
And then what they found
inside were these various kind
of hand-held tools.
And some of the
tools, apparently,
would give you holographic
reconstructions
of historical
events that happened
during the time of the
people that had this thing.
>>SMITH: Sure.
Oh, yes.
>>DAVID: And that
sarcophagus alone
is just of inestimable value.
Have you ever heard
any stories like that?
>>SMITH: Yes, I have heard
of very similar stories
of these sarcophagi and
coffins and tubes that
are made of some unknown
metal but they're seamless.
And they can only be
opened, as far as I knew,
by lineage, actually,
and harmonic.
So, that's interesting you
said that, because it actually
helps me understand some
things now put together
that I've been debriefed on.
And I've seen some of
these vats, actually.
>>DAVID: What about
this idea of an object
that you might be able
to hold in your hand,
and then you can kind of
talk to it with your mind
and it will show
you, like, a library?
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
It's a consciousness-assisted
technology
that you have to hold and
use your consciousness.
You know, you have
to think about it,
and then whatever, however it
operates; however the operator
knows how to operate it.
Or usually it just
automatically will turn on.
You know, it's like
having an iPhone
without a passcode on it.
Automatically anyone can use it.
But some of these devices;
these consciousness-assisted
technologies, are all
lineage-related or
frequency-related,
so that you have
to be of the right
ancient lineage
to hold that one little
frequency for this thing
to work.
>>DAVID: A genetic marker
in your DNA, do you think?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yes.
>>DAVID: Wow.
Really?
When we had Pete
Peterson here last time,
he gave us some extremely
fascinating information
about very, very
long; many, many miles
long, perfectly carved
tunnels in South America.
Like, underneath
the Nazca Lines.
And he talked
about what appeared
to have been a vast
extraterrestrial city down
there.
And of course, with our show
on Gaia, "Unearthing Nazca",
Pete is claiming that the
bodies we had on that show
were from this city.
So, I'm curious if you've heard
about those tunnels in Meso-
and South America, and
any information you
might have on that.
>>SMITH: Yes.
My scientist sources also
have invited me down there
to analyze the tunnels, which
have a lot of craft in them;
which the tunnels actually have
beings frozen in time sticking
out of the walls
of these things.
>>DAVID: Have you ever heard
the term "stasis beings"?
>>SMITH: Yes.
I mean, I don't personally
believe these beings
that come from Gaia
are from that site.
But that's my own opinion.
And I have not been asked
to analyze these beings yet.
>>DAVID: OK.
So, you're saying
that there are--
this is totally amazing, Emery.
I'm just going to
be honest with you.
And the reason why is that I
got another briefing from Pete.
I haven't said a word
about it to anyone.
I'm going to do it for the
first time right now, OK?
And the briefing was
that, because Gaia
did "Unearthing Nazca",
the show, that our alliance
people have gotten a lot more
interested in that area again,
and that apparently the
Mexican government-- we have
different governments in
Meso- and South America
apparently involved in this.
And, apparently,
very recently we
took custody of these
five different craft,
and he said they are
so advanced that we've
got whole teams of people.
He estimated 2,000, 3,000 people
are working on these craft now.
But it's so advanced we have
no idea how to get into it
or what the heck is going on.
So, I'm curious about
your thoughts on that.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I
agree with that.
But when you say we, who
are you referring to who
took over the five craft?
>>DAVID: I guess it would be--
>>SMITH: The alliance or...?
>>DAVID: DIA military
industrial complex,
what we would call MIC
secret space program folk.
>>SMITH: OK.
That I can confirm 100%.
They are now in control of all
the tunnels and all the ships
and all the bodies and
all the technology,
which has recently
just happened.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
And it's now very
difficult to get in there.
But I'm still
deciding whether to go
or not because it's just a
matter of if they invite me
again to go down there
and decipher some
of the ships and craft and
some of the extraterrestrials
that they found, and of
course, the technology.
But yes, there is a large amount
of these beings and the craft
down there.
>>DAVID: Can you confirm
anything about Pete's testimony
regarding that the craft
are so advanced that we
have no idea what
to do with them yet?
>>SMITH: Yes.
I can absolutely concur with
that, because the group would
never have called
me to go down there
and check this out, number
one, because if they knew how
to do it-- and they're
scientists and knew how
to do it, they
wouldn't be calling
me to ask me to come on
board clandestinely, which
I can talk about freely.
But that's exactly
what happened.
I mean, I haven't seen
his show, by the way,
so I didn't know any of this.
>>DAVID: So, let's
talk a little bit
about what we did on "Unearthing
Nazca," because I didn't even
know you knew
anything about this.
It's really amazing.
We've had x-rays
taken of these bodies,
and it does not in any way even
possibly appear to be a hoax.
The genetic testing shows
that it's over 1,500 years
old or more in some cases.
It appears to be genuine genetic
tissue that's been preserved
in diatomaceous earth.
They have three fingers and
three toes instead of five,
like we do.
It definitely looks like
this is an authentic specimen
of some kind.
So I'm curious
about your thoughts.
Have you seen
"Unearthing Nazca"?
>>SMITH: No, I've seen just the
small briefing that came out
with those two mummies,
and just the briefing that
came out over the
world and through Gaia.
And that's all I read.
And you know, my first
question as a scientist
is, who tested it?
Where was it tested?
How did you retrieve it?
How did you get it
over the border?
Do you mind if I test it
at multiple facilities
of my choice, which you
are not allowed to know?
And all these questions, because
it's a very interesting story.
And I'm not saying yes or no,
because I don't know because I
was not part of that project.
So I can't judge it.
Since you say these things--
I mean, of course, I'm
very close with you.
I believe you.
But as a scientist, I also have
to ask many other questions
and actually have to examine the
bodies because I don't believe
there's too many other people
out there coming forward
like myself that would probably
go do that and give an expert
opinion and write something up.
I mean, I'm right
now being published
in Stanford University
for the Atacama being
coming forward with that
with Dr. Garry Nolan.
So, you'll see that white
paper with my name on it,
which gives kind of me some
credit about my background.
So, you know, I
can't answer that.
Just by looking
at some pictures,
I can't say yes or no without
being part of the project
and getting my own
opinion of what they are
and where they came from, and
also the type of DNA it is.
What was the DNA percentages?
>>DAVID: There apparently is
a DNA test being conducted
in Russia right now with
some of the finest DNA
testing they have.
The results have
not yet come in yet.
It apparently takes a long time.
But we did have
Peruvian scientists who
did a lot of work down there.
We also have M.K. Jesse, who
is a radiologist right here
in Boulder, who has
surveyed the x-rays
and has said that this
definitely appears
to be a biological being.
It does not appear to be
anything conventional human.
>>SMITH: Right.
And the carbon dating
or whatever they
use to measure the dating.
>>DAVID: Carbon dating
has been confirmed.
It's all early
AD; very early AD.
>>SMITH: Interesting.
>>DAVID: So, would
you be interested?
I mean, I'm not able to
ask you this on behalf--
>>SMITH: Yeah, I would--
>>DAVID: Would you be
interested in doing
that if you were invited?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I would
entertain that, of course.
Yeah, I would be
helpful in any way
I can to help approve or
disapprove these beings.
>>DAVID: And you told me before
that apparently the Atacama
humanoid that you had in
"Sirius" is not the only one.
Could you tell us a
little more about that?
>>SMITH: Yeah, I can.
There is another being
down in that location
that has been discovered that
is very similar to this being.
And we are now trying
to work something out
so we could get this being.
If we can get this being, we
can get the DNA from both beings
and see if they match and see if
it is a new subspecies or not.
But the data that we're
printing right now at Stanford--
I'm not going to spill it
because I can't talk about it--
is going to talk about
that exact thing.
So, you guys are going to have
to wait for that white paper
to come out in a
couple of weeks.
And then we'll go from there.
But I'm very interested
in that being, too.
I want to immediately grab this
being, put it in a safe place,
and be able to run
multiple tests on it
and see what happens
and go from there.
It's just speculation
right now, so we
can't say anything
until we actually
have the DNA in our hands.
As you know, as I went over to
Barcelona with Greer and Dr.
Bravo to obtain the first
one and bring back that DNA
to Stanford for Dr. Gary Nolan
to test, one of the world's
leading geneticists.
So, there's a lot to do,
because you have to have,
I think, in the future
multiple testing sites,
and larger teams
involved in organizations
so it's just not one
foundation doing all the work.
And it should be a
joint collective thing.
Most projects like this
should be collective and not
just one overseer of that.
I think it's harder
to manipulate things
when there's multiple
people involved
instead of one overseer.
>>DAVID: One of
the things that you
carry with you is something that
hardly anyone has ever seen.
You seem to always
have it with you.
The only other time
this was ever shown
was on stage at
Contact in the Desert.
You handed it to me when
I was doing a panel.
It was a sensation
for the audience.
So, could you hold up
what it is that you have
and tell us about this?
>>SMITH: So, this--after the
team and I went over there
to Barcelona-- this is
the Ata being from Chile,
from the Atacama Desert.
And what we did was
we wanted to make sure
that we not only have
the DNA, but let's
run every possible test.
Let's get CAT
scans, MRIs, x-rays,
as much as we can for
the scientific community
to look at this because the
private organization that
has it, who's been very
generous and needs lots of help,
would like to do more
testing and do more things.
And I was able, by working
on some other secret projects
at the time...
we can 3D render
organs and things.
We can also 3D render
pretty much any CAT
scan into any material.
So we can shoot your
brain, CAT scan your brain,
and I can enter it
into the computer,
and I can print your brain
out in any material I want.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Isn't that cool?
So, that way, before
I operate on you,
I can make sure where all
your blood vessels are,
and I can actually do-- yeah.
So, I can say that now
because it's already out;
it's been disclosed.
So, I thought, hey, why don't
I take a CAT scan of this being
and put it into the computer
and make an exact replica
duplicate, cell-by-cell, into
this just polycarbonate I
used because it was already too
expensive to do anything else?
And what happened is, we printed
it and this is what came out,
this polycarbonate exact being.
>>DAVID: So, one of the things
that I notice right away,
which people probably notice
is that, like, the head is
kind of sliced off.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
When we made the
program, we made sure
that part was open so people
could see inside and see
the brain lobes, and you know,
there was different things.
You know, I could print
just with the chest open
so you can see some of the
lungs and different things
that were in there.
But just to have
something that was durable
that I wanted to
last a long time,
and something that you could
see the volume of-- of course,
the skull was the
most amazing thing.
Three times the
size of our skull.
From chin to top,
that'd be like,
it's the same length as his
torso from the sternal notch
to the umbilicus.
We call the belly
button, umbilicus.
So, you know, it's three
times the same size as that.
That would be like your head,
one, two, three, three times
your own size.
So, very interesting.
The story on this being, if
you want me to go into, is--
which I was not part of the
collection site or anything
like that in the early years.
But I did read a briefing
that matches that of where
this craft has crashed.
And it was shot
down some time ago.
I don't know the exact time.
And it was an egg-shaped craft,
about the size of a Volkswagen
van.
>>DAVID: The size of the egg.
>>SMITH: Yeah, the
size of the egg.
There were five occupants.
And when the army got
there, the military--
not ours, but theirs--
got there, two of them were
already dead, the adults.
They were 22 inches high.
And then there were
three trying to get away.
And they shot one, and two
they lost into the jungle,
or into the desert or whatever,
which the story goes they did
wind up in a village.
And the villagers apparently
saw these little beings,
and they clubbed them and
wrapped them in cloth,
in red cloth and went to--
>>DAVID: Why would
they club them?
>>SMITH: Well, I'm
going to tell you.
I'll tell you why
I think they did.
Because after they
wrapped it in red cloth,
they took it to the front
of the church doorsteps,
and they wrote "El Diablo,"
and they laid it there.
>>DAVID: The devil.
>>SMITH: Yeah, the devil.
So, how unfortunate.
>>DAVID: So, you
know, the skull.
This is one of the
things that I always
wondered about is there's
this crack in the plate.
Like there's these two plates,
and this part here on the left
looks like it
sticks up in ridges
over the part on the right.
So, that's not the
regular physiology.
This is because its
head was crushed?
>>SMITH: No, it did have
that kind of a point
there after we looked at that
in different computer programs.
But it is offset because
of the smashed skull.
And the hole in the back
of the head, so you know,
also was something that
was done prior to myself
and the team actually
doing the autopsy.
I did use that hole,
though, that was
made by another scientist
before me many years ago,
to gather the brain material,
some of the brain matter,
and of course, some of
the layers of the brain
and some of the bone
marrow, of course,
was what we're really after.
So, we took some of
that from the rib cage
and also from the humerus
of the arm of the being.
So, we had a lot of samples.
We had a lot of good samples.
And we took those samples back.
>>DAVID: Now it is
very interesting,
something that I wish we could
have gotten into "Sirius".
I wanted to see us
go into the fact
that there is a case in
Russia of a little being
called Alyoshenka.
And this being does have the
22-inch height that you're
saying is like the adults.
But the dried body of it
is basically identical.
It is essentially identical
to what this looks like.
And the story there was
that the being somehow
was found by a woman
who had mental illness.
And she was feeding it
candy and milk for a while,
but it was dying.
And she tried to bring it
to the hospital in Russia,
and after it was brought
to the hospital it died.
When its body dried out,
it dried out the same way
that this Atacama being did.
And then,
unfortunately, the story
goes that the
Japanese were going
to buy it for a very large
sum of money to study it,
and then it
mysteriously disappears.
So, what do you
think Alyoshenka is?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
It's hard to tell.
Like I said, I don't
know the story.
I know a little bit
about the story.
I did read a little bit
about that briefing.
And then like with anything,
even with this being,
you have to understand
this is not something
that I saw actually
inside where I was at.
This was after I got out that
I was able to handle this.
And I just associated
this briefing
with this accident at this exact
place, so to make that clear.
And don't forget, things can be
made inside for disinformation
campaigns as well.
And beings can be
grown and these crashes
can be made to
disinform scientists
around the world that are
not part of the projects.
And some that
leave the projects,
they want them disinformed.
So, you have to be very delicate
about talking about DNAs
and beings, and where they
come from and the stories
behind them because there's
very few people out there that
actually know from
start to finish,
all right, this went to
this to this to this.
You know, I'm being a
private investigator saying,
well, this is what I read,
this is what happened.
Then later on we finally got it.
And then we did this and
it matches everything.
There's another one, matches
the same exact report.
You know, all these
different things.
So, that I would not--
I would just say I
think it's a similar--
I think it's part of the
same phenotype species.
Without looking at the DNA
and actually matching the two,
which would be the
most amazing thing.
The fact that it went missing
100%, obviously red flag.
Red flag, red flag.
Any time anything goes missing
or someone gets hurt or killed,
it's a red flag.
>>DAVID: Do you think
there's any relationship
between this story of
the church with the being
and paper labeled "El
Diablo" and the corpse that
ended up in the movie
"Sirius", or are those two
separate things?
>>SMITH: You're
talking about the Ata?
The Ata.
No, that's the Ata.
>>DAVID: Oh, that is?
>>SMITH: That is the Ata.
>>DAVID: So, did the church
hold onto it all that time?
>>SMITH: The church
held onto it--
the priest held onto
it many, many years.
He knew it was very important.
And then he made a
deal with someone.
I know the US government already
had samples of this somehow.
So, in the exchange
somewhere, there
was this civilian person, the
priest, who had access to it.
And then a private
organization went down there
and purchased the
being from him, and now
to an underground facility
near Barcelona being studied.
And many new papers
are coming out.
I know they're
printing so much stuff.
My own opinion, I think they
got a little bit infiltrated
and maybe paid off
because of some
of the things that are being
said now over from their people
in Europe.
But like I said, we don't know.
It's all speculation
because anything
can be made to be disinformed.
>>DAVID: "Sirius" itself
kind of ends on a down,
because we're talking
to Theodore Lockman;
we're talking to Garry Nolan.
The whole movie establishes that
this is a credible non-human,
normal human, at least, thing.
And then at the end
it kind of seems
like the film says,
"Oh, well, it's
not really that big of a deal".
It's very strange.
>>SMITH: That's
very strange, yeah.
Why is that?
The biggest story in
the world and no one
wants to hear about it.
So, yeah, I would say, hm.
That's all I can say about that.
>>DAVID: So, another thing
that I find fascinating is
"Ripley's Believe It or Not"
in, I don't know, 1940s, ,
1950s somewhere thereabouts,
had this thing called "AttaBoy".
And it's just like the
Atacama humanoid, same size.
The only real difference is
that the head is a little more
bulbous in this way as opposed
to the way the other one looks.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I saw that one.
>>DAVID: It's so similar
in many other ways.
Do you think that's
from the same species
or a similar species?
>>SMITH: No, I don't
believe so, no.
No.
Yeah, there's too
many differences.
I did look at that
at one time closely.
So, I don't believe it's
from the same lineage
or phenotype at all.
>>DAVID: But do you
think it might possibly
be extraterrestrial
also in its own way?
>>SMITH: Without actually
bringing the proper test,
I couldn't speculate.
It wouldn't be fair.
>>DAVID: So, another
thing was these edifices
that the people on Easter
Island wore on a necklace.
And when you look at
the necklace, when
you look at the
body of this thing,
it looks exactly like what
you autopsied in "Sirius".
The only difference
is that the face is
kind of a stylized human face.
It's got these
large, round eyes,
large kind of nose and mouth.
So, it is kind of an exaggerated
human face with large eyes.
That part looks wrong.
But the body is
absolutely dead-on.
And those Easter
Island people are
saying that these were the
givers of wisdom and knowledge.
>>SMITH: I think
there's a connection.
I do think there is a
connection with that.
Like I said, I don't know
enough about their history.
I just know, from learning
from you about that story
and seeing some of these
pictures a while back,
that there is correlation,
for the body, that is.
And whether the
bodies are replicas
or they're the actual
bodies that were mummified,
you know, swelling happens
during mummification sometimes,
depending on where it's buried
and what it's buried in.
And things can change and
misform different body parts,
especially with the
skeleton, into different--
just like fossils, you know,
if they're in certain minerals,
when they form
over time, they'll
take on a different
color and shape.
So, it's a very interesting
thing when you look at mummies
and how they're buried;
where they're buried;
the temperature; the
humidity; and then
all these other factors
that fall into place.
And the same thing
happens with these beings.
So, I can see why you're asking
these questions, because they
are similar in many ways.
But they're also--
there's differences,
and, without actually having
all three of them right there,
for me to say.
But I do agree with you that
the bodies are very similar.
>>DAVID: All right.
Well, I want to thank you.
This has been very fascinating
and we will have more in store.
>>DAVID: Excellent.
So, thanks for being here.
>>SMITH: Thanks for having me.
Appreciate it.
>>DAVID: And thank
you for watching.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure".
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
here with our special guest
Emery Smith.